README.md, before:

[![Build & Test](https://github.com/YannCebron/m68kplugin/workflows/Build%20&%20Test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YannCebron/m68kplugin/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+%26+Test%22)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Motorola 68000 Series Assembly Language Support for IntelliJ-based IDEs

Adds support for [Motorola 68000 series](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000_series) assembly language
in [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/intro/intellij_platform.html#ides-based-on-the-intellij-platform) based IDEs
(including [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/), [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/) and many more).

## Installation and Features

Please visit the [Documentation site](https://yanncebron.github.io/m68kplugin/) for more information.

## Credits

Plugin Logo from [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Motorola_M_symbol_blue.svg)

Language support built using [Grammar-Kit](https://github.com/JetBrains/Grammar-Kit)

Gradle setup uses [gradle-intellij-plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin/)
 and [gradle-grammar-kit-plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-grammar-kit-plugin)

Mnemonic documentation taken from [m68k-instructions-documentation](https://github.com/prb28/m68k-instructions-documentation)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), see [LICENCE](LICENCE)

This software includes [commonmark-java](https://github.com/atlassian/commonmark-java) library, Copyright (c) 2015-2016, Atlassian Pty Ltd

*All product names, trademarks, and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.*

Commit message:

M68kMnemonic: generate all valid mnemonics data structure using vasm input file

README.md, after:

[![Build & Test](https://github.com/YannCebron/m68kplugin/workflows/Build%20&%20Test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YannCebron/m68kplugin/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+%26+Test%22)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Motorola 68000 Series Assembly Language Support for IntelliJ-based IDEs

Adds support for [Motorola 68000 series](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000_series) assembly language
in [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/intro/intellij_platform.html#ides-based-on-the-intellij-platform) based IDEs
(including [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/), [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/) and many more).

## Installation and Features

Please visit the [Documentation site](https://yanncebron.github.io/m68kplugin/) for more information.

## Credits

Plugin Logo from [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Motorola_M_symbol_blue.svg)

Mnemonic documentation taken from [m68k-instructions-documentation](https://github.com/prb28/m68k-instructions-documentation)

Mnemonic data generated using [vasm](http://sun.hasenbraten.de/vasm/) sources, thanks to Frank Wille and Dr. Volker Barthelmann for granting permission

## Tooling

Language support built using [Grammar-Kit](https://github.com/JetBrains/Grammar-Kit)

Gradle setup uses [gradle-intellij-plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-intellij-plugin/)
 and [gradle-grammar-kit-plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/gradle-grammar-kit-plugin)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"), see [LICENCE](LICENCE)

This software includes [commonmark-java](https://github.com/atlassian/commonmark-java) library, Copyright (c) 2015-2016, Atlassian Pty Ltd

*All product names, trademarks, and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.*
