# Condition Code Register (`CCR`)

Consisting of five bits, the CCR, the status register’s lower byte, is the only portion of the
status register ([SR](sr.md)) available in the user mode. Many integer instructions affect the CCR,
indicating the instruction’s result. Program and system control instructions also use certain
combinations of these bits to control program and system flow. The condition codes meet
two criteria: consistency across instructions, uses, and instances and meaningful results
with no change unless it provides useful information.

Consistency across instructions means that all instructions that are special cases of more
general instructions affect the condition codes in the same way. Consistency across uses
means that conditional instructions test the condition codes similarly and provide the same
results whether a compare, test, or move instruction sets the condition codes. Consistency
across instances means that all instances of an instruction affect the condition codes in the
same way.

The first four bits represent a condition of the result generated by an operation. The fifth bit
or the extend bit (X-bit) is an operand for multiprecision computations. The carry bit (C-bit)
and the X-bit are separate in the M68000 family to simplify programming techniques that use
them.

#### X—Extend

Set to the value of the C-bit for arithmetic operations; otherwise not affected or set to a
specified result.

#### N—Negative

Set if the most significant bit of the result is set; otherwise clear.

#### Z—Zero

Set if the result equals zero; otherwise clear.

#### V—Overflow

Set if an arithmetic overflow occurs implying that the result cannot be represented in the
operand size; otherwise clear.

#### C—Carry

Set if a carry out of the most significant bit of the operand occurs for an addition, or if a
borrow occurs in a subtraction; otherwise clear.

*From MOTOROLA M68000 FAMILY Programmer's reference manual. Copyright 1992 by Motorola Inc./NXP. Adapted with
permission.*